however loves welcome back to my channel
so today I'm going to be doing my
skincare routine for you guys and I buy
and countless requests to do this video
especially on my blog channel because
I'm always makeup free on my blog
channel I'm actually makeup free for
this video today so you guys can see
what my skin looks like and top line
what my students were looking so good
recently and I really just want to show
you that all the products that I've been
using and not long ago I posted a video
called how I keep my skin clear and it
was a sponsored video for cure ology and
I got a lot of comments some positive
some negative but I got a lot of
comments like saying I wish you would
have shown your full skincare routine
which I completely understand I feel
like there wasn't misunderstanding with
that video that video was not a skincare
routine that is why I'm going to call it
my skincare routine the reason I kind of
show you guys my full skincare routine
in that video is because in sponsor
videos you can't talk about any other
brands but that brand that's sponsoring
you so I'm very open about that stuff
I'm it's no secret when I'm sponsored I
don't like to hide anything from you
guys I'm very transparent with you guys
I'm not being sponsored by geology in
this video literally after that
sponsored video I could have never
talked about them or never news about
products again but I truly love this
product and this will be investing here
with you today
so that's what the main thing that I use
to like treat acne but again I'll get
into that when I get into my full
skincare but yeah I have to be able to
show you guys everything from my
cleanser to my moisturizers to the mask
I use all that jazz and for you to my
channel I would love for you to hit that
subscribe button down below as well as a
little belt icon next to it so you can
be notified whenever I upload on this
channel and without further ado let's
just get into my skincare routine I feel
like I've talked about this so much so I
don't want to bring it up again but to
my new viewers that don't know I used to
have pretty severe cystic acne I've
talked about my struggles with acting
you have shown pictures of how my skin
used to look in many videos even in my
how I keep my skin clear video I think I
show pictures from when my skin was at
its worst point so the way I turned my
acne was a contained I liked accutane
was amazing I didn't have really any bad
side effects other than dryness but
agitating was great I went on it for
when I was about 14 years old and my
skin hasn't gotten to that point ever
since but I do so break out here and
there so I do still have acne prone skin
and my skin is on the normal to dry side
so I don't really get oily but I can't
get dry if I don't moisturize and stuff
so my skin is pretty normal but I would
say it's more towards the dry side
another thing that I do that really
helps my skin I don't want to save that
drink water you struggled with some
pretty bad breakouts and you can relate
to me on this but coming on YouTube and
watching people who have never had in
their life to like just drink more water
and get clear skin look I leave out the
fight like swear uh but like of course
drinking water is great for your skin
not just your skin but everything in
your body but just drinking more water
like again if you have if you have to be
Rach me like I have it takes a lot more
than some water girl to get rid of your
skin and for me that was a cute eight
but yeah of course drink water
eat healthy yada yada yada we hear that
all the time another thing that I've
talked about in past videos that really
helps my skin is being dairy-free
I used to be a lot more strict with my
dairy-free diet when I first started
I've been dairy free throw I would say
about a year and a half to two years now
and I've seen a big difference in my
skin and when I cut out dairy completely
but now I do cheat occasionally like a
few days ago I had pizza and then you
know just stuff like that half stuff
that's made with milk like chocolate has
milk in it a lot of people break out
from Dairy if you just google it and
look it up a lot of people have found
that dairy has caused acne but that's
not the case for everyone I know some
people that drink milk and eat dairy and
their skin is perfect like Daisy for
example has the most flawless skin I've
ever seen in my life and she said in her
50 facts about me that she drinks milk
every morning and literally when she
said that my jaw dropped to the floor
because if I even look at milk I'll like
break out but guess is some people that
doesn't cause acne but you can just test
it out for yourself if your acne prone
and are experiencing a lot of breakouts
I recommend just cutting out dairy for
at least two weeks before you judge
whether that causes acne for you or not
but for me and my sister and I we both
found that that does cause asking for us
but again that's not like the case for
everyone so now I'm gonna move on to my
actual skincare routine
so actually in
I found that my skin honestly does
better when I don't cleanse it in the
morning and I read this tip in Seventeen
magazine when I was like 13 years old I
read this Tippett said that you should
have washed your face in the morning
with cleanser just to splash your face
with some cold water and I found that
really does make a difference in my skin
not only do I save time but also like it
leaves that nice glow on my skin and it
also I read that it doesn't throw off
your pH stuff like that honestly I'm
lazy in the morning especially not to
get up early for school so that's why I
just did that splash of cold water thing
but I really found that it does make a
difference in my skin but I have thought
that this only really works for people
with a normal to dry skin so if your
skin is on the oily side it is
recommended that you do kind of just get
in the morning then I go in with my
favorite I think everybody loves this
stuff this is literally a cult favor on
YouTube but this is the Mario Badescu
this is in the rose water this is the
aloe cucumber green tea one there was
water one is great as well I just prefer
the scent of the green one and if you
haven't jumped on the Mario Badescu
bandwagon like you need to their pods
are amazing but especially their sprays
just feel so refreshing and then I go in
with my morning moisturizer I oh this is
another thing I wanted to mention for
this video you do not need to go out and
buy everything that I'm saying in this
video like honestly I used to just
recently uttered adding all this stuff
into my skincare routine I used to keep
it pretty like berries just keep it like
cleanser a moisturizer and like any acne
treatment that I was doing that for
example ecology and that's all you
really need but I'm I'm extra I love
skin care you know I love skin care I
love beauty so I love you know testing
out and using all these lotions and
potions but you really don't need to and
I know a lot of them don't have you know
all this money to be spending on
skincare products so you really don't
need to get everything that I'm using
this video all you really need is a
cleanser and moisturizer and if your
acne prone your acne treatment and you
can do a lot of magic with just that but
I love like skincare and beauty and I
just love doing all these extra steps
for my skin because I just have more
time that was when I was a student with
nuns in high school I didn't have all
this time for my skincare but now that
I'm not in school anymore like I have so
much more time to like focus on you know
like taking care of myself moisturizer I
use in the morning is the Kiehl's ultra
facial cream and that stuff is amazing
you guys drug you guys if you've been
watching me for a while you would know I
used to love that yellow Clinique
dramatically different moisturizing
lotion i swore by i literally use this
for less two years it was in my top
sixteen products for 2016 video and
honestly i would have never thought i
would have found the moisturizer to top
that but then i found it I discovered
this when I went to Mario makeup on
Mario's masterclass in the wintertime
and this is what I used on bebe Rexha
and he's like I use this on every single
client he actually used this just uses
it and no primer and then just goes in
with makeup and I was just - like that's
genius so I started doing that when I
got back home and it just didn't work
out for me so hydrating and it leaves it
with a glow that's what I love about it
another reason why I love using this in
the morning is that it absorbs into my
skin really fast so this is very
lightweight my morning skincare I just
splash my face with cold water spray
some Mario Badescu apply this
moisturizer and it's been another added
step that I just recently started doing
I left to our package from Tarte and
this was in it this is the Tarte America
just see brighter eye treatment so I
just started moisturizing underneath my
eyes I mentioned this in my fabfitfun
unboxing but I used to not use an eye
cream and I just made some returns
adding up to my skincare routine and
I've seen it's such a big difference
I've almost like in shock that I went
all these years about using an eye cream
your honor I'm just such a delicate area
so make sure you guys use an eye cream
if you haven't already is the thing just
older woman which she like would use eye
cream but honestly you should be trying
to prevent wrinkles from as young as
possible incurred never too young to
prevent wrinkles anti aging products are
really good for the skin because they
provide a lot of moisture so that's why
this is not claimed to be anti aging but
again it's an eye cream and this is a
brighter treatment so that's why I like
to use it in the morning because it kind
of gives their under eyes like a
brightening effect but again I just use
this in the morning I use a different
one at night so that's everything I do
for my morning skincare and I'm losing
all
- my nighttime skincare so if I do wear
makeup I don't always wear makeup
especially in the summertime but if I do
wear makeup I'm going to remove it with
this Neutrogena makeup remover cleansing
towelettes I used to not like makeup
remover tallip because I feel like they
kind of burn my skin but I found out
like I don't know videos because the
other part that was using but they don't
do that to me anymore so I really do
like these makeup wipes and just make
sure you try to remove your makeup every
single night like I know girl I've been
there when you're just way too tired to
get up and go wash your face so a tip
that I have is to keep a path of makeup
wipes underneath you're better in your
nightstand drawer so you can just reach
over grab it and just wipe your face
before you go to sleep of course that's
not like a significant amount of
cleaning that you should be doing you
should be cleansing and moisturizing
every night but you know it's way better
than sleeping on with like a full face
of makeup in a wedding so after I remove
my makeup I go in with my cleanser and
with cleansers I don't have one cleanser
that I swear by I change plungers pretty
much after I finish a cleanser I always
like get a different one if that makes
sense but this part is using recently I
think I might repurchase it I really
like it and as you guys can see them
over halfway done with it under videos
can see it but this is a body shop tea
tree skin clearing facial wash I really
liked this plunger the tea tree feels
really good on your skin it kind of have
a minty like cooling effect which I
really like I love when I can feel
products working I use this with a
facial cleansing brush I have to to show
you guys so I have my Clarisonic Mia
here and I love this one and then I also
love this one this is the vanity planet
skin spa difference between these two is
this one's way more expensive this times
like a hundred in like fifteen dollars
120 dollars I believe this one is way
cheaper this one's like thirty dollars
with my coupon code this video isn't
sponsored by any planet but they do
provide you with a code in case you guys
going to get one of these and the
difference is this one comes with like
three brush heads these will do the same
thing but again this one's way cheaper
so if you're on a budget I definitely
recommend this one again I'll put the
link to it down below as well as my
coupon code so yeah I'll go into the
cleanser and my skin brush wash my face
and all that stuff and then I will go
well I didn't then I spray some tamari
over school of course and then I use my
cure ology I have a whole video on straw
and you have two videos of archaeology
but I'll put a link to it down below if
you're interested but this is what I use
to treat acne I applied some layer to
this all over my face every night and it
works amazing for me it's worked for me
for months and I really do love it and I
do have a link an invite link where you
can get your first month free I want to
do is pay for shipping so I'll put that
down below if you want to try it out I
join with my actually before that I use
my serums I actually just added this to
my skincare routine two nights ago and
this is the sundae Riley Luna sleeping
night oil on the front and says
next-generation retinoid oil reduces the
appearance of pores and wrinkles while
fighting the signs of premature aging
and redness so this is basically just
like a miracle in a bottle so I love
using this at night but this is very
priced at this tiny bottle with $55 it's
actually so funny I was in line at
Sephora talking to Mel and he follows I
bet on Instagram too and I was like as I
just made a video not too long ago where
she spent a thousand dollars at Sephora
I was I was telling him how much stuff I
got it's probably gonna cost like $300
and this guy behind me in line I was
like I think Sunday Riley in your
shopping cart so your total is probably
gonna end up being the same and I'm like
you probably right even when you do get
a small bottle you do not need to use a
lot all comes in a little dropper like
this and a little goes a long way so as
you guys can see it's this beautiful
blue color but as you rub it into your
skin it turns clear of FX fans are
really good for your skin because it's
so potent like it has all these good for
you ingredients concentrated in such a
small amount so that's why I started
using one in my skincare routine I also
read this tip that you should be
applying your skincare products at night
from thinness to thickest so this is my
finished skincare product well I don't
know if it's great this spray is
probably the thinnest so as always this
I use the more Badescu
and then I apply the serum and then I
applied ecology and then I let that sit
for a few minutes I don't go with
moisturizer right away just let the
that on my skin for like five to ten
minutes I like brush my teeth and stuff
and the next time cream that I use it's
the a cosmetics confidence in a cream
transforming moisturizing super cream
and this cream I don't want to say
amazing because I've been saying that
about every single product is godsend
that's what I'm going to say this is so
incredibly amazing for your skin the
reason I thought this was because
whenever I'm out shopping at all times
before and I want to try new products
first I will google the products and
read reviews and every review I read
about this was positive I couldn't find
one I get a review and a lot of people
seem to like it sounds like it unless
I'll go ahead and try it and I would
love it this is for all skin types and
it is anti anti aging but again anti
aging products are amazing for your skin
like you're never too young to start
using anti aging products and they do
help provide a lot of moisture for your
skin so this is a thick cream that's why
I use it at nighttime as when I wake up
in the morning my skin is so supple they
can just feel so plumped and like supple
and it like glows and this just does a
lot of amazing things to my skin at
night like these when I was suspect like
these together neighbor were iconic trio
and then the last thing I do for my skin
at night is use some more ice cream this
is the one I use at nighttime this is
the lancome genifique eye cream and this
is the sample size this isn't a full
side it just feels so silky underneath
my eyes and it provides a lot of
hydration and I really like the way this
makes my under eyes feel and again if
you can get one tip out of this video
it's to start using an ice cream if you
haven't already it's life-changing so
that's it for like my set skincare
routine now I'm going to show you guys
like some of the stuff I do you know
like once a week like masks and stuff
now one product I've loved for years and
just everybody loves these these are the
Biore Pore strips I don't have the box
because I was taken out of the box and
just keep them in my leg drawers like
this because it saves me more space but
the black ones are the ones with
charcoal and the white ones
regular ones these get all of your
blackheads out and D clog your pores so
well they're super cheap they're from
the drugstore I'm not on a certain
schedule with these are knowledge oh I
use this every Sunday I literally just
use these whenever I can touch my nose
in a field with a mountain range then
I'll go ahead and use one of these and
it will take care of that problem so
yeah I really like these for that and
now with Mac's I don't have one mask
that I'm like this mask is life-changing
you guys need to go out and get this
right now I change masks all the time
I'm always getting in a set masks or you
get a free sample from stores but I'm
always using different ones and this one
I actually show it in a favorite video
not too long ago this is the Mario
Badescu drying match any product from
our a middle school is good but this is
just really good for problematic skin
like to help with breakouts and stuff
one downside is that disgust
well kind of bad I kind of smoke with
sulfur but it gets the job done and this
was really good on the Skid this is for
all skin types but I would say if you do
have dry skin like I do I wouldn't use
this all over your face I just use this
where I have a problem area let's say
I'm breaking out on this cheek I'll just
put it right here look not all over my
face if that makes sense because it can
be pretty drying save the best for last
this is the Mario Badescu dry lotion
this is another part that I feel like
everyone loves like I don't think this
product has one I did a review this is a
spa treatment for night so let's say you
have it there or if you blemishes just
take a q-tip dip it in there don't shake
it up but just dip the q-tip into the
like pink at the bottom and then just
place it on any that you have sleep in
it and when you wake up in the morning
your zit is completely dried out like
literally you could just take some
tweezers or even your fingernail and
literally like scratch off your zit so
that's why I love it if I have is it
like I know this will come through and
help me out the next day so that's my
skincare routine I really hope I helped
you guys out all products will be linked
down below if you're interested and also
be sure to give me a thumbs up if you
enjoyed and subscribe for more videos I
love you guys so much and we'll see you
again from my next video bye my love